Redirecting the Execution Flow
At this point, we have control of the EIP
register
and we know that we can fit our shellcode
in a memory space
that is easily accessible through the ESP
register.
We also know which characters are safe for
our buffer, and which are not.
Our next task is to find a way to redirect
the execution flow
to the shellcode located at the memory
address
that the ESP register is pointing to at
the time of the crash.
The most intuitive approach is to try
replacing the B’s that overwrite EIP
with the address that pops up in the ESP
register at the time of the crash.
However, as we mentioned earlier, the
value of ESP changes from crash to crash.
Stack addresses change often,
especially in threaded applications such
as SyncBreeze,
as each thread has its reserved stack
region in memory
allocated by the operating system.
Therefore, hard coding a specific stack
address
would not be a reliable way of reaching
our buffer.